README 

This sample is a simple monophonic mini organ. You have to attach an USB PC
keyboard to your Raspberry Pi to use it. The output signal is available on the
3.5mm headphones jack.

If you have a MIDI keyboard with USB interface, you can also use it to play. It
has to support the USB Audio Class MIDI device specification. This sample does
not support the MIDI velocity parameter.

Because this sample is enabled for USB plug-and-play, an USB (MIDI) keyboard can
be attached or removed at any time while or before the system is running. It
will be detected automatically and can be used, if it is attached. On the
Raspberry Pi 1-3 and Zero the system option USE_USB_SOF_INTR should be defined
in the file include/circle/sysconfig.h to use this sample program.

You can also attach a serial MIDI interface to your Raspberry Pi (31250 Baud).
The MIDI input data has to be feeded to GPIO15 (Broadcom numbering) at 3.3V
level. Because the MIDI standard uses a current loop, you need a converter
circuit. Serial MIDI input is enabled, if an other keyboard is not attached.
The MIDI output is not used by this sample.

The mini organ uses the PWM sound device to generate a square wave of the
required frequency for about one octave (note C3 to C4). A more complex sound
synthesis using the CPWMSoundBaseDevice class should be possible.

This sample can be built to be used with an I2S sound device too. It has been
tested with a PCM5102A DAC. You have to enable the #define USE_I2S in the file
miniorgan.h before building to use this. The DAC has to be connected to GPIO18
(BCK), 19 (LRCK) and 21 (DATA, Broadcom numbering)

The PC keyboard mapping is as follows:

+--------+
|Key Note|
+--------+

   +-----+-----+     +-----+-----+-----+
   |S C#3|D D#3|     |G F#3|H G#3|J A#4|
+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+-----+
|Z C3 |X D3 |C E3 |V F3 |B G3 |N A4 |M B4 |, C4 |
+-----+-----+-----+-----+-----+-----+-----+-----+

The inscription of the keyboard may vary, but the physical position of the
piano keys is the same on all keyboards. Using this scheme you should be able to
find them.
